Add start tasks section to Python (#438)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/python-in-gitpod.md

| [gitpod-io/wxPython-example](https://github.com/gitpod-io/wxPython-example)                      | A wxPython example for Gitpod    | [![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/gitpod-io/wxPython-example) |
| [techwithtim/Hangman](https://github.com/techwithtim/Hangman)                                       |   A wxPython example for Gitpod  |     [![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/techwithtim/Hangman) |

## [Start tasks](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-start-tasks/)

You can start building your project when or even [before](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/prebuilds/) you start your Gitpod workspace. Are you using a `requirements.txt` file to manage dependencies? If so, add this to your [`.gitpod.yml`](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) to automatically pre-install all dependencies when starting a workspace:
```yaml
tasks:

>   - init: pip3 install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer: Many users get confused by how `tasks` should be implemented. Maybe it can be helpful to suggest a more complete template, e.g.:

```suggestion
  - init: pip3 install -r requirements.txt
    command: python3 main.py
```

(This would imply adjusting the text above, e.g. by adding "to automatically pre-install all dependences _and launch your app_ when starting a workspace:")

| [gitpod-io/wxPython-example](https://github.com/gitpod-io/wxPython-example)                      | A wxPython example for Gitpod    | [![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/gitpod-io/wxPython-example) |
| [techwithtim/Hangman](https://github.com/techwithtim/Hangman)                                       |   A wxPython example for Gitpod  |     [![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/techwithtim/Hangman) |

## [Start tasks](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-start-tasks/)

You can start building your project when or even [before](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/prebuilds/) you start your Gitpod workspace. Are you using a `requirements.txt` file to manage dependencies? If so, add this to your [`.gitpod.yml`](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) to automatically pre-install all dependencies when starting a workspace:
```yaml
tasks:

>   - init: pip3 install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer 2: The use of `pip3` is deprecated.

<br>

## [Start tasks](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-start-tasks/)

> You can start building your project when or even [before](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/prebuilds/) you start your workspace, are you using a `requirements.txt` file to manage dependencies? Well add this to your [`.gitpod.yml`](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) to build those dependencies when you start your workspace:

Reviewer: Phrasing suggestion:

```suggestion
You can start building your project when or even [before](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/prebuilds/) you start your Gitpod workspace. Are you using a `requirements.txt` file to manage dependencies? If so, add this to your [`.gitpod.yml`](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/config-gitpod-file/) to automatically pre-install all dependencies when starting a workspace:
```
